Cloud changelog - July 28th (#4753)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:
- [Release 2021-07-28](#release-2021-07-28)
- [Release 2021-07-15](#release-2021-07-15)
- [Release 2021-07-01](#release-2021-07-01)
- [Release 2021-06-16](#release-2021-06-16)
- [Release 2021-06-02](#release-2021-06-02)
- [Release 2021-05-21](#release-2021-05-21)

## Release 2021-07-28

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - Improved typing performance in affected environments by reducing the frequency at which drafts are saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Improved typing performance in affected environments by reducing the frequency in which drafts are saved.
```

 - Improved user and channel selector for app commands.
 - Added a **Set Status** button if the custom status hasn't changed from currently set status.
 - Added plugin API methods for user access tokens and OAuth apps.
 - Improved default rendering of images inserted via the GIF picker.
 - Small text changes were added to Direct and Group Message menus: 'Mute channel' and 'Edit Channel Header' now reads 'Mute Conversation' and 'Edit Conversation Header'.

>  - Added support for `react-intl` and `<Timestamp/>` usage in plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for ``react-intl`` and ``<Timestamp/>`` usage in plugins.
```

#### Administration

>  - Fixed some of the incorrect mention counts and unreads around threads and channels since the introduction of collapsed reply threads (Beta). This fix is done through a SQL migration and it may take several minutes to complete for large databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed some of the incorrect mention counts and unreads around threads and channels since the introduction of Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta). This fix is done through a SQL migration, and it may take several minutes to complete for large databases.
```

 - Upgraded the builder image to use Go v1.16.
 - Added a new feature to archive and unarchive teams through **System Console** > **Teams**.

### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where the "Find channel" channel switcher text overflowed out of the button in some languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the "Find channel" channel switcher text overflowed beyond the button for some languages.
```

 - Fixed an issue where inter-plugin requests without a body didn't work.

>  - Fixed an issue with opening a dialog from an interactive message when returning an empty response.

Reviewer 2: I think we're missing some bugs from CRT. We should include a bullet for collapsed reply threads and sub-bullets for each bug fix

### Known Issues

>  - Known issues related to the new collapsed reply threads (Beta) are [listed here](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Known issues related to the new Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) are [listed here](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues).
```

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:
- [Release 2021-07-28](#release-2021-07-28)
- [Release 2021-07-15](#release-2021-07-15)
- [Release 2021-07-01](#release-2021-07-01)
- [Release 2021-06-16](#release-2021-06-16)
- [Release 2021-06-02](#release-2021-06-02)
- [Release 2021-05-21](#release-2021-05-21)

## Release 2021-07-28

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Improved typing performance in affected environments by reducing the frequency in which drafts are saved.
 - Improved user and channel selector for app commands.

>  - Added a **Set Status** button if the custom status hasn't changed from currently set status.

Reviewer 2: Added > Enabled the
